(Yuya)
Previously on
"YuGiOh! Arc‐V"...
Mr. President!
At precisely 5:54 p. m.,
our systems detected
a powerful summoning.
And the summoning
method?
It was Xyz.
I want every resource
we've got dedicated
to finding out
what happened to Marco.
(Skip)
I get it, Yuya,
you thought
Pendulum Summoning
was your special deal,
and now someone else
comes along
and Pendulum Summons,
and it's throwing you off.
This is so unfair.
What are you going
to do about it?
Run away like always?
Not on my watch!
You and me are
dueling!
(voice)
Generating Action Field.
My dad's field.
That's right!
There hasn't been
a dueltainer
before or since
that could keep
a crowd on its feet
like your old man.
Except it wasn't
like that at first,
ya know.
Huh?
When other duelists
started Action Dueling,
your dad didn't freak out
and pout about it.
He just kept
having a good time.
You opened the door
to Pendulum Summoning!
You can keep feeling
sorry for yourself.
Or you could
be the example
for everyone
to follow.
My dad wouldn't feel
sorry for himself‐‐
I won't either.
You're right.
I can't run away
from my problems.
I gotta face them
head on.
And just like my dad,
I'll try to be
an inspiration for
duelists everywhere.
♪
♪ (Hey hey)
Can you feel the power? ♪
♪ You vs. me,
competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪ Swing into action,
are you ready to play ♪
♪ Challenge anyone anywhere
(Go) ♪
♪ Any day
(C'mon) ♪
♪ You wanna take a chance ♪
♪ Go ahead and roll the dice
(Okay) ♪
♪ See if it's in your cards,
if you'll pay the price ♪
♪ Activate the spell,
let your powers come to life ♪
♪ (Go)
It's show time ♪
♪ Who will win
the fight? ♪
♪ (Whoa)
I'm ready to duel ♪
♪ Go ahead and make
your move ♪
♪ (Go go go go) ♪
♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn your tricks,
now what will you choose ♪
♪ (Can you feel the power?) ♪
♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my rules ♪
♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn your tricks,
now what will you choose ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
(Yuya)
Hey, Dad,
how's it going?
So, I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna sharpen
my duel skills
and become
a pro like you.
I'll entertain people
while chewing up
the competition!
Just because
it's seafood
doesn't mean I want
to see your food.
(Sylvio)
Handkerchief?
Hi.
Go away, Sylvio.
You know, Yuya,
I must say that
your table manners
are about as elegant
as your dueling.
That is to say,
not at all.
Says you.
Now, did you
want something,
or are you just here
to annoy us?
Hmph, another duelist got
ambushed yesterday.
People are saying
you're the culprit.
(both gasp)
Then some people
are wrong!
So... who was attacked?
Professor Marco.
He's a teacher at
the Leo Institute.
No one has heard
from him since.
(both gasp)
We have to tell him!
Wait!
Where are you going?
We'll finish this
some other time.
That must be why
Declan suddenly took off.
You seem genuinely
surprised to hear this.
I had a feeling the rumors
about you being involved
were wrong.
There's no way
someone like you
could get the best
of someone like Marco,
even with your cheap
Pendulum Summoning.
Hang on!
What's so cheap about
Pendulum Summoning?
Well for starters,
you're the only one with
Pendulum Cards.
How is that fair?
Huh?
Anyway, that'll
all change soon.
I hear
the Leo Corporation
is starting
to independently develop
Pendulum Cards now.
I'll be the first in line
when they release.
And then you and I are
going to settle things.
I'd say we could
settle it
in the Junior Arc
League Championship,
but we can't‐‐ you aren't
qualified to enter.
Not qualified to enter?
Whoa!
He's totally right!
How am I supposed to become
a pro now?
(pigs grunt)
Hey, guys!
Our study group was
canceled.
We're going
to You Show!
You guys wanna
come with?
(groaning)
Yuya...
is something wrong?
(Frederick)
You cannot enter
the Junior Arc
League Championship?
Not this year.
In order to be able
to qualify and register,
your yearly record has
to show a minimum
of 50 Junior Arc
League‐sanctioned duels
with at least
a 60% win rate.
So what does your
yearly record show?
46 duels, 26 wins.
Let's see.
26 divided by 46...
That's 56.5...
That's not quite
good enough.
You're like
a human calculator!
But if you've
only dueled 46 times,
you still need four more
to get to 50,
and if you win
all four of those duels,
you'll have 30 wins,
which is exactly
60 percent.
That's what
I told him.
So we went around school
to see if anyone
wanted to duel him,
but, um...
(student)
No way!
I'm not gonna
duel someone
who can battle
with Pendulum power!
(second student)
Battle the guy who
beat the Sledgehammer
and took away
his title?
Thanks,
but no thanks.
(third student)
Gotta go,
but can't you enter
any competition
you like?
Don't pros like you get
a free pass or something?
I'm not getting
a free pass!
People just don't get it.
The Sledgehammer duel
wasn't for his title,
so winning
didn't make me a pro.
And to be a pro,
you gotta do well
in the Junior
Championship.
Unt then there is
the Qualification Test
to enter the Senior
Arc League.
And then you need
enough wins there
to take the Pro Test.
I've got a protest
for ya!
Everyone
thinks I'm a pro,
but I can't actually
become a pro
until I qualify,
and I can't qualify
because no one will duel me
because everyone thinks
I'm a pro!
Oh... You said I need
four more duels,
right?
(chuckling)
Forget it.
No way!
Why not?
We're in
elementary school,
so we're in the Youth
Arc League.
You need to duel
four Junior Arc Leaguers.
Right, Junior
Arc Leaguers...
Like Zuzu!
Not gonna happen,
Yuya.
Why not?
'Cause right now
I'm sitting at
exactly 60 percent.
No way am I gonna
throw that away
by losing to you.
There's no point.
Well, then who am I
supposed to duel?
Why don't you go
talk to Gong about it?
He's the reason
you're even close
to the required
50 matches this year,
all the tips and pointers
he's thrown your way...
Not to mention
all the Dojo students
he let you battle
from his school.
I'm grateful for
all of the help
Gong's given.
If it wasn't for Gong's
training and support,
I mighta lost
my duel against Dipper,
and then,
after Zuzu lost,
and our backs were
really against the wall,
Gong stepped up and managed
to keep our school safe
by tying Kit.
I've gotta get strong enough
to stand on my own two feet.
I have to get better,
starting today,
there's no time
like now.
"There's no time
like now ..."
I gotta go!
Hey, where are you
off to all of a sudden?
It's nothing, just...
things to do
and errands to pay
and bills to run.
Bills to wha...
What about class?
Tell my dad
I can't make it today!
Anyone know what
that was about?
You gave Gong
all the credit
for your training.
And said that
you and he were the only ones
who put up a fight
yesterday.
Those were not
very smart things to say.
But that's not what I meant,
Zuzu's been great!
And she put up
a fight yesterday, and...
She just lost is all,
and, and...
You blew it.
Aah!
(thinking)
Yuya's not the only one
who can push
himselfto the limits
and get better, and
he's right!
There's no
timelike now.
(Allie)
Maybe there's
a match‐up forum
or something
you can go to.
(Tate)
The problem isn't
finding duelists,
it's finding duelists
willing to duel Yuya!
(Nico Smiley)
Yuya, my boy!
So lovely
to see you again!
Yeah, you too.
Nico Smiley?
What are you
doing here?
He came to bring
amazing news, Yuya!
This is a big one!
You've been officially
invited to enter
this year's Junior
Arc League Championship!
What?
Seriously?
Double seriously!
The Paradise City Duel
Association took notice of
your valiant victory
against the Sledgehammer,
and, after some meetings
and deliberations,
negotiated
by yours truly,
they have decided to offer you
a spot in the Championship!
Great!
This is incredible,
Yuya!
Now you don't need
to worry about
finding
four more duels!
I dance with joy!
(sighing)
What's wrong?
Well, it's a very nice offer
and all, but...
(third student)
Don't pros like you get
a free pass or something?
Tell them thanks,
but I'm gonna say no.
(all gasping)
But, my boy, why?
'Cause it kinda seems like
cheating or something.
No, it's favoritism!
Okay, that might've
come out wrong,
but the point is,
you are in!
It also feels wrong
toward The Sledgehammer.
Speaking of which,
I haven't seen him
in a while.
How is the champ?
I am afraid he is
no longer the champion.
Huh?
He didn't even say goodbye,
he just left me a sad note.
Relinquishing
his title
and saying he was
going to travel overseas
to find himself.
I am without
a duelist.
And what is a duel manager
with no duelist
but an empty shell?
But if you sign
with me,
we can start
from the bottom together
and work our way
to the top!
Bowing out.
Aahhh...
I get it now.
That's why you negotiated
with the Association.
So that you can make
a name for yourself.
You're the worst.
That's not true!
I adore your
talent, Yuya!
I thoroughly
believe in you!
If that's really true..
I need you
to do something.
Anything.
(thinking)
How curious that
Declan turned out to be
the President
of Leo Corp.
I think this calls for
a further investigation.
But it looks like security
is really tight.
I probably can't
just walk in
and demand to see
the President of the company.
No one lets me have
any fun.
Oh, well.
(Zuzu)
I knew it!
Huh?
You stopped showing up
to the You Show school
'cause you're trying to
cozy up to Declan Akaba.
No way!
You've got
the wrong idea here!
You're a slimy little
weasel, aren't you?
You just try to latch on
to whoever you think'll
make you duel better.
(chuckling)
But Declan seems so cool!
He's using Fusion
and then Synchro
and Xyz and Pendulum.
Think of how much
he could teach me!
Okay, but...
I thought you wanted
to learn at our school.
I was thinking
you guys didn't like me.
No way,
we love you!
Anyway, come on!
I need your help with
something important.
(Julia)
People are saying
this is where
Professor Marco
was ambushed.
Well, the "keep out" ribbon
is kind of a giveaway.
Someone is obviously
hiding something in
this warehouse.
(man)
Can we get forensics
to take a look at this?
(second man)
I need that analysis,
people.
Not a good idea.
Hey, what are
you kids doing here?
Whoa.
Nothing, just...
We're here to find out
what happened.
We're all students
at the Leo Institute.
My name's Julia,
and I'm in
Professor Marco's
Advance Fusion course.
And who're
your friends?
Students?
I'm, uhh...
I'm Kit,
and I'm honing my skills
as a Synchro Summoner.
My name's Dipper,
and I study Xyz Summoning.
At ease.
So all three of you are
with the institute?
(all)
That's right.
And people know about
what happened?
Talking about it
at school?
Sorta. We were
just told that
someone attacked
Professor Marco.
And our classes were
going to be cancelled.
And the TA wouldn't
tell us why.
We just wanna know
what's going on,
that's all.
I heard this
might've happened
'cause he's
an international spy
or something.
Some people are saying
he was attacked by an alien.
You've gotta tell us
what happened.
Sorry, guys.
I can't talk to you
about the specifics of the case.
Your concern is noted.
Well then,
can you at least tell us
if the Professor's
okay?
Can't answer that
either, sorry.
(gasps)
But don't worry.
We'll all
know more soon.
We've got guys working
in shifts to get
to the bottom of this.
For now,
just go home
and study and practice
and all that.
After all,
that's what
Professor Marco would
want you to do, right?
And also, this place is
totally off limits,
and you need to forget
you ever came here
or that we spoke.
It's for your own
safety, got it?
Yes.
How do I get an awesome
uniform like that?
You've gotta be in
the top percent of
the Pro League
and then take
some elite test.
Those guys are the best
of the best, Kit!
Huh?
What are you doing now?
Where are you going?
There's another lead
I wanna follow.
I'll see you guys later!
"Another lead?"
She never gives up.
So, why did you want
to bring me here?
(groans)
Sora, I need you to teach me
how to Fusion Summon!
Here?
Right now?
Yeah.
I don't know.
I really need help.
I need to be
a better duelist.
I get it. You're still
burning from losing
to that
Leo Institute girl.
Right?
(thinking)
I've got it!
Fooled by an image
reflected in the column.
Aah!
They cut the duel short
yesterday,
but I'm worried
they'll come back.
And if they do,
I really
wanna be able
to stand up with Yuya
and help him defend
the school.
That's where
you come in.
You called me a slimy
little weasel, remember?
Right.
It came out wrong.
I'm sorry.
Hmm...
I just don't know.
Please, Sora?
It's not that
I can't teach you.
I'm not sure
I should.
Because if
I teach you stuff,
your dueling
will improve.
Well, yeah,
of course!
That's kinda
the whole point.
You teach me,
and I get better.
C'mon, Sora!
Fine.
Okay, here.
This is
Polymerization.
This card is the end‐all,
be‐all of Fusion.
It's pretty much
the foundation.
It's what you use
to combine
monsters together.
Got it?
I'm with you.
(thinking)
I can't believe
I'm actually
teaching her.
My tragic flaw is that
I'm too nice.
And so the required monsters
can either be on the field
or in my hand, right?
Hand or field.
That's right.
The important thing is that
they're all in one or the
other.
There are exceptions,
of course.
So when I activate this,
the monsters
I'm fusing together
go to the graveyard.
Then I summon
the Fusion Monster
from my Extra Deck.
Yeah, that's...
Hey, where are
you going?
Who‐‐ hey!
Talk.
Who are you?
You're not from
around here, right?
Neither are you.
Hey! Hang on.
I know you.
You do?
So who is he then?
He dueled Sylvio
and beat him.
I Xyz Summon...
Dark Rebellion
Xyz Dragon!
So is this latest incident
your doing, too?
(Sora)
"Latest incident?"
What?
Some Leo Institute teacher
was just attacked.
Really, now...
That would explain why
the security
at Leo Corp
was so tight.
Well, you've got
a lot of explaining
to do.
How 'bout we start with
who you are?
Why'd you duel Sylvio?
What are you up to?
What's your problem
with Leo Corp?
(door slides open)
(Julia)
Answer the questions!
Julia!
Who are you,
and what did you do
to Professor Marco?
This is turning into
a real party.
I'm gonna ask you
one last time.
Where is he?
All right,
if you don't wanna talk,
then maybe you
wanna duel.
Hang on a second!
You can't just barge in here
and start demanding‐‐
Get outta the way,
wannabe.
Did you call me a...
Look, you only think
he's involved with
your missing
professor,
but you‐‐
I'll know
he's involved
when we duel
and he starts
Xyz Summoning!
Xyz summoning?
Oh, interesting!
You'll be talking
soon enough
when I'm through
with you.
Come on,
let's do this!
You're not going
to get answers this way.
You gotta calm down.
(chimes)
(groans)
Great.
He's gone.
He...
he disappeared.
Just like last time.
(Yuya)
Zuzu!
Huh?
You in there?
Yuya!
Ahh!
Good! Everyone was
totally worried,
and you weren't
answering your phone,
and‐‐ and I'm
really sorry
if I made you feel
unappreciated earlier!
I get it now!
You teamed up with him
and helped him escape!
Whoa!
Julia?
And... Sora?
Talk. What have you done
with Professor Marco?
Nothing.
Don't play dumb!
I know you're
working with him.
Working with who?
The guy who dueled Sylvio
showed up again.
He did?
So then where is he?
He vanished
right before you showed up,
just like before.
Huh?
That's weird.
You know something,
don't you?
Hey, there he goes!
Over there!
He's up on
the rooftop!
You better hurry up
and chase him
before he gets away!
Outta my way, Yuya!
So who'd you see?
No one.
I just wanted
to get rid of Julia
so we could get back
to training.
Training?
You and Zuzu?
Yeah. Zuzu asked me
to help her with...
Wait, is it supposed
to be a secret
that you wanted me to
teach you Fusion Summoning?
Fusion Summoning?
Uhh...
Is this for the Junior
Arc League Championship?
That reminds me!
I totally found
my next four opponents!
Actually,
that's not true,
but I found the guy
who's gonna find them.
Nico Smiley says
he can hook me up!
Yeah?
Good for you.
Thanks! Now I just
gotta win 'em all!
And if I manage to do that,
it's Championship time!
Hey, Yuya, what's
this Championship
you keep mentioning?
Can I enter it,
too?
Uh, I dunno, Sora...
Have you dueled
at least 50 times
since coming to town?
'Cause you need
50 duels
and 30 wins
to enter.
That many?
No fair!
How come nobody ever wants
to let me have any fun?
Hey, actually,
Nico mentioned
a stipulation
or something
where you can also
qualify for the tournament
by winning six matches
in a row without losing.
Oh, yeah?
All right!
Taking down six chumps
in a row,
that'll be easy!
Do you think you could have
that Nico Smiley guy
line up
the opponents for me?
Then I can just
knock 'em down!
Sure thing.
(thinking)
I guess I'm not
the only one
who wants
to step up my game.
We've all got
something driving us.
I just realized
there's a way
to evolve
the Pendulum method!
(thinking)
I don't know what
he was talking about.
But if he's right,
and there's more
beyond what I know
of Pendulum Summoning,
I'm gonna find it.
(Zuzu)
Who was
that mystery man?
What does he want?
And why can't
I shake the feeling
that it has something
to do with me?
(whirring)
♪